README.md, before:

# Search-and-Rescue
### COMP329 Assignment2

### Members: Samuel David Brundell, Chaoyi Han, Cong Bao

## TODO (02 Dec):
1. Jason:
    - [X] Add a method to obtain percepts.
2. LeJOS:
    - [ ] Create some basic classes and methods.
    - [ ] Update arena information on LCD screen.
3. Communication:
    - [X] Add interfaces on both Jason side and LeJOS side.

## TODO (30 Nov):
1. Jason:
    - [X] Stop the scout after all victims detected.
    - [ ] Add counts of arrived cells.
    - [ ] Potential problem that it may travel in a cycle during localization.
    - [ ] Pathfinding algorithm is not optimal.
    - [X] Add more kinds of victims.
    - [X] Some issues in visibility of possible location and heading.
    - [ ] There's a small possibility that the localization algorithm will end with 0.
2. LeJOS:
    - Haven't started.
3. Communication:
    - Haven't started.

## TODO (27 Nov):
1. Jason:
    - [X] Localization algorithm.
    - [X] Organize perceptions and beliefs.
    - [ ] Improve communications between doctor and scout -> try to remove all .wait actions
    - [X] Build an emulator.
    - [X] Test using emulator.
2. LeJOS:
    - Haven't started.
3. Communication:
    - Haven't started.

Commit message:

add timestamp method the solve same content belief problem

README.md, after:

# Search-and-Rescue
### COMP329 Assignment2

### Members: Samuel David Brundell, Chaoyi Han, Cong Bao

## TODO (02 Dec):
1. Jason:
    - [X] Add a method to obtain percepts.
    - [X] Beliefs will not fire if percepts with same content added.
2. LeJOS:
    - [ ] Create some basic classes and methods.
    - [ ] Update arena information on LCD screen.
3. Communication:
    - [X] Add interfaces on both Jason side and LeJOS side.

## TODO (30 Nov):
1. Jason:
    - [X] Stop the scout after all victims detected.
    - [ ] Add counts of arrived cells.
    - [ ] Potential problem that it may travel in a cycle during localization.
    - [ ] Pathfinding algorithm is not optimal.
    - [X] Add more kinds of victims.
    - [X] Some issues in visibility of possible location and heading.
    - [ ] There's a small possibility that the localization algorithm will end with 0.
2. LeJOS:
    - Haven't started.
3. Communication:
    - Haven't started.

## TODO (27 Nov):
1. Jason:
    - [X] Localization algorithm.
    - [X] Organize perceptions and beliefs.
    - [ ] Improve communications between doctor and scout -> try to remove all .wait actions
    - [X] Build an emulator.
    - [X] Test using emulator.
2. LeJOS:
    - Haven't started.
3. Communication:
    - Haven't started.
